chore(docs): mention that upgradable contracts are not production-ready (#3079)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/cookbook/upgrades.mdx

:::

> :::danger
> **Contract Upgrades Not Ready for Production Use**
> 
> The current upgrade feature is experimental and **not recommended for production** due to potential data storage inconsistencies when modifying contract layouts.
> 
> Using this feature in production may lead to unexpected behavior or data corruption.
> 
> A proper implementation is being developed - track progress here:
> [https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/issues/27](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/issues/27).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::danger[Contract upgrades are NOT ready for production use]
  The current contract upgrade facilities are experimental and **not recommended for production** due to potential data storage inconsistencies when modifying contract layouts. The following examples are given as simple illustrations of what could be done, but **not** as guidance or solid advice. 
  
  Using such traits in production may lead to unexpected behavior or data corruption.
  
  A proper implementation is being drafted — [track progress here](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/issues/27) and [here](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/issues/3034).
:::
```
